Measures: 22 x 195 cm.

Materials: DROPS Eskimo, from Garnstudio.
3 balls black no 02 and 3 balls off white no 01

Needles size 9 mm

Tension: 10 sts in width = 10 cm. 

 You can get the yarn to make this pattern from 10.20£*.(*) Pattern prices are calculated from the smallest size / cheapest colour. You will find a prices table in this print to help you calculate the price for other sizes.All yarns are DROPS yarns. Color charts and updated retailer lists at www.garnstudio.comScarf
Cast on 22 sts with black and knit back and forth. 
After 6 rows; cut the thread. 
Change to off white and knit 6 rows. 
Then cut the thread and change to black. 
Continue to knit and change colour every 6th row. 
Tie together the thread ends with each other after every colour change. 
Cast off when scarf measures approx 195 cm. 
Fasten all threads by sewing ends through edge sts with a thick needle.

 Have you made this or any other of our designs? Tag your pictures in social media with #dropsdesign so we can see them!To get the measurement tape to be 100 % accurate, you have to print out the pattern in full scale (and not use the print option "fit to page").You'll find 6 tutorial videos, a Comments/Questions area and more by visiting the pattern on garnstudio.com. Have you purchased DROPS yarn to make this pattern? Then you are entitled to receive help from the store that sold you the yarn.We take pride in providing patterns that are correct and easy to understand. All patterns are translated from Norwegian and you can always check the original pattern for measurements and calculations. 

If we get a report of a potential error, we will review the pattern and make the correction if necessary. This will be done normally within 7 to 10 working days. If no correction is made, it means that we weren't able to find any error/mistake.Try a DROPS Super Store!
								 - Wool Warehouse Direct Ltd - Purple Sheep Yarns								© 1982-2018 DROPS Design A/S. We reserve all rights. This document, including all its sub-sections, has copyrights. Read more about what you can do with our patterns at the bottom of each pattern on our site.