DROPS design: Pattern no E-194
Yarn group A
-----------------------------------------------------------
Measurements: 9 x 11 cm

Materials: 
DROPS SAFRAN from Garnstudio
50 g colour no 19, red
Some left-over yarn no 09, navy blue and 18, off white

Silk ribbon or elastic for fastening the bow.

DROPS STRAIGHT NEEDLES SIZE 2 mm - or size needed to get 29 sts x 57 rows in garter st = 10 x 10 cm.
 You can get the yarn to make this pattern from 1.15£*.(*) Pattern prices are calculated from the smallest size / cheapest colour. You will find a prices table in this print to help you calculate the price for other sizes.All yarns are DROPS yarns. Color charts and updated retailer lists at www.garnstudio.comGARTER ST (back and forth on needle):
K all rows. 
----------------------------------------------------------

BOW:
Cast on 26 sts on needles size 2 mm with red and work in garter st back and forth until piece measures 11 cm. Loosely cast off and fasten the threads. Fold the piece so that there is a pleat on the middle and so that the piece gets a nice bow shape. Make a stitch through the piece so that it keeps its shape. 
Knit a ribbon for the middle of the bow. 
Cast on 16 sts with off white and work 6 rows in garter st, switch to navy blue and work 8 rows in garter st, switch back to off white and work 6 rows in garter st. Loosely cast off. Sew tog to form a ring, short side against short side. Fasten the threads and pull the bow through the ring. Fasten a ribbon or an elastic through the ring on the back of the bow. 
 Have you made this or any other of our designs? Tag your pictures in social media with #dropsdesign so we can see them!To get the measurement tape to be 100 % accurate, you have to print out the pattern in full scale (and not use the print option "fit to page").You'll find 9 tutorial videos, a Comments/Questions area and more by visiting the pattern on garnstudio.com. Have you purchased DROPS yarn to make this pattern? Then you are entitled to receive help from the store that sold you the yarn.We take pride in providing patterns that are correct and easy to understand. All patterns are translated from Norwegian and you can always check the original pattern for measurements and calculations. 

If we get a report of a potential error, we will review the pattern and make the correction if necessary. This will be done normally within 7 to 10 working days. If no correction is made, it means that we weren't able to find any error/mistake.Try a DROPS Super Store!
								 - Wool Warehouse Direct Ltd - Purple Sheep Yarns								© 1982-2018 DROPS Design A/S. We reserve all rights. This document, including all its sub-sections, has copyrights. Read more about what you can do with our patterns at the bottom of each pattern on our site.