Size: 3/5 – 6/9 –10/14 years

Materials: DROPS Alaska from Garnstudio
100-100-100 g colour no 02, off-white
50-50-50 g, colour no 40, rose
DROPS small circular needle size 4.5 and 5 mm 
 You can get the yarn to make this pattern from 4.80£*.(*) Pattern prices are calculated from the smallest size / cheapest colour. You will find a prices table in this print to help you calculate the price for other sizes.All yarns are DROPS yarns. Color charts and updated retailer lists at www.garnstudio.comKnitting tension: 17 sts x 22 rows on needles size 5mm in stocking sts = 10 x 10 cm.
Garter sts (on circular needle): K 1 round, P 1 round.

Loosely cast on 72-78-84 sts with off-white Alaska on circular needle size 4.5 mm. Knit 8 rounds of garter sts and change to circular needle size 5 mm and continue in stocking sts. Remember the knitting tension. When the hat measures 19-21-23 cm bind off loosely. Sew the hat together at the top. Fold the 8 rounds of garter sts towards the right side. 

Pompoms: Sew a big pompom each side at the top of the hat. Make the pompoms with mostly rose + a few threads of off white. The pompoms should be dense and approx. 8 cm in diameter.

 Have you made this or any other of our designs? Tag your pictures in social media with #dropsdesign so we can see them!To get the measurement tape to be 100 % accurate, you have to print out the pattern in full scale (and not use the print option "fit to page").You'll find 13 tutorial videos, a Comments/Questions area and more by visiting the pattern on garnstudio.com. Have you purchased DROPS yarn to make this pattern? Then you are entitled to receive help from the store that sold you the yarn.We take pride in providing patterns that are correct and easy to understand. All patterns are translated from Norwegian and you can always check the original pattern for measurements and calculations. 

If we get a report of a potential error, we will review the pattern and make the correction if necessary. This will be done normally within 7 to 10 working days. If no correction is made, it means that we weren't able to find any error/mistake.Try a DROPS Super Store!
								 - Wool Warehouse Direct Ltd - Purple Sheep Yarns								© 1982-2018 DROPS Design A/S. We reserve all rights. This document, including all its sub-sections, has copyrights. Read more about what you can do with our patterns at the bottom of each pattern on our site.